# 2.1.6 #
2015-01-14

  * Added new error fields from facebook, userTitle and userMsg.
  * Fixed a bug causing some errors to be incorrectly thrown as permission exceptions.

# 2.1.5 #
2014-05-15

Requires Jackson 2.0+

  * Allows facebook api version to be specified

# 2.1.4 #
2014-04-30

Requires Jackson 2.0+

  * Exceptions caused by Facebook errors now include type, code, and subcode
  * Fix NPE when paging urls are null
  * Now with more git.

# 2.1.3 #
2013-04-03

Requires Jackson 2.0+

  * Now published to Maven Central (there is no download in google code)
  * Jackson v2
  * Added GraphMethodException as an exception type
  * Minor bug fixes

# 2.1.2 #
2012-01-22

Requires Jackson 1.8+

  * Request.setName() can now be chained
  * Fixed a bug causing all exceptions to be the base FacebookException instead of the proper exception wrapper
  * Better handling of 'null' in result from FB
  * More detailed logging of http calls
  * Improved a couple test cases
  * POST now properly indicates utf-8 charset
  * Detects some cases where facebook is broken and throws BrokenFacebookException
  * Added method RequestBuilder.addHeader()

# 2.1.1 #
2011-11-24

This version requires Jackson 1.8+

  * Added methods to `FacebookBatcher` to assist obtaining access tokens.
  * Added `FacebookCookie` to decode the cookie generated by the Javascript SDK (OAuth 2.0 only)
  * Fixed a problem with multiquery result sets being associated with the wrong queries.

# 2.1 #
2011-07-11

  * Automatically supports parallel fetching of batches on Google App Engine.
  * Provides an API for enabling parallel fetches with other libraries that support it.
  * Some refactoring of the low-level RequestBuilder API was required.  This does not affect the public API, but will affect you if you are using RequestBuilder to issue http requests.

# 2.0 #
2011-05-16

This is a complete rewrite of the code using the Graph Batch API.  The new architecture makes parallel fetching possible, although it has not been implemented yet.  While 2.0 is for the most part API-compatible with 1.x, the Old REST API has been removed.

The primary effect of upgrading to 2.0 should be more effective batching - with the new API, it is possible to batch multiple connection requests together.  You do not need to modify your code.

  * All batching is performed with the Graph Batch API (including the new graph multiquery).
  * The ids=x,y,z batching mechanism is no longer used.
  * The Old REST API has been removed.
  * Later<?>.get() calls that produce IOFacebookException are not "frozen in time"; subsequent get() calls will retry the http request.
  * Nearly 100% code turnover, but the new code is considerably simpler than the old.

# 1.0.3 #
2011-03-30
  * Excessively long graph GET requests are automatically converted to method=POST.  Should work around systems that balk at long URLs.
  * Added a retry count for calls that timeout, just call FacebookBatcher.setRetries(n).
  * Automatically splits large graph (ids=x,y,z) batches to reasonable quantities.
  * Fixed delete().

# 1.0.2 #
2011-02-28
  * Fixed post() return value.
  * Handles when Facebook returns non-JSON "false" (results in null value)

# 1.0.1 #
2011-01-24
  * Added a timeout parameter for requests.

# 1.0 #
2010-11-12
  * No changes, just upping version to 1.0 - soup's done.

# 0.6 #
2010-08-04
  * Fixed a few bugs in graph and oldRest batching.
  * oldRest calls now require an accessToken (as FB requires).

# 0.5 #
2010-07-18
  * Initial release.